Chapter 3711 - 3711 Chapter 3712-meeting an old friend
3711 Chapter 3712-meeting an old friend
The information in the lizard demonic General’s memory had given Chen Xiaobei a lot of confidence.
Since neither Moro Wutian nor the demonic quasi-Sage could escape, Chen Xiaobei only needed to restore his primordial spirit and acc.u.mulate enough lifespan to dominate the entire northern region of Dragon Sparrow mountain.
Because of this, Chen Xiaobei only needed two more moves to control the situation. Naturally, he was full of confidence and drive!
Soon after.
Chen Xiaobei absorbed some of the spiritual Qi in the spiritual storage bag to recover his celestial core power.
After that, Chen Xiaobei had six-eared macaque use his spiritual Qi to transform into Gonggong and Zhurong. Although they were reincarnations of an ancestral witch, their cultivation was very low and they did not need much spiritual Qi.
After the transformation, the six-eared macaque split the process into two parts, and located the locations of Gonggong and Zhurong’s bodies.
The two corpses were not in the ancient Barrens land and they were extremely far away.
It was likely that a spatial Rift had been torn open during the battle, and many corpses had been swept into the spatial turbulence and transported to different places.
Of course, Chen Xiaobei was too focused on his goal right now to care about anything else. So, he only asked six-eared macaque to remember the two locations and head there as soon as possible.
After all this was done.
Chen Xiaobei asked everyone to stay in the Meru s.p.a.ce while he continued his journey.
This time, Chen Xiaobei chose a different route to avoid the underground cave where Di Jiang’s body was in. He did not want to b.u.mp into the demonic Army who had gone to investigate.
In the beginning, the journey was smooth.
Chen Xiaobei activated the night G.o.d dark spirit set’s stealth ability and headed north. Along the way, he met some demonic Scouts, but their cultivation was not high and they could not detect Chen Xiaobei.
But!
Not long after, Chen Xiaobei had no choice but to stop!
If one had not seen it with their own eyes, they would not have imagined that there was a demonic army camp as vast as the ocean on Chen Xiaobei’s way!
Not to mention the number of demon soldiers, there were tens of millions of military camps.
These military camps were lined up in a row, with no end in sight. They were like a flood of steel that directly cut across the entire continent.
Terrifying!
It was unusually terrifying!
Such a huge force was simply an astronomical figure!
More importantly, these soldiers needed to be equipped with weapons and equipment, and they needed to be paid. The daily consumption was probably hundreds of thousands of times more!
From this, it could be seen that after mo Luo Wutian took over the demon race, he had really brought unprecedented prosperity to this race!
Population! Wealth! Combat strength! Reserve Foundation! Every single one of them was unbelievably powerful, and could even compete with the heavenly court!
No wonder!
Without such a solid foundation, how would mo Luo Wutian dare to have the idea of going against the heaven and the Dao?
“This is going to be troublesome …”
Chen Xiaobei was standing on a Hill far away, looking at the demonic army camp in front of him.
&Quot if we take a detour, we will waste a lot of time. The candle Dragon’s body might be gone by the time I arrive! &Quot
“But if we don’t take a detour, we’ll have to run the risk of being discovered and get through these military camps …”
Obviously, although mo Luo Wu Tian and the quasi-sages of the demon race were not present, there were many heavenly G.o.d-level demons in the military camp. Even the most powerful high-level profound G.o.d would be in the military camp.
As long as a heavenly G.o.d-tier being released their primordial spirit territory, they would be able to ignore the night G.o.d dark spirit set’s special ability and discover Chen Xiaobei’s whereabouts.
This was clearly a difficult choice.
However, Chen Xiaobei’s calm mind quickly made a decision, ” “Let’s just go through it directly! Firstly, the candle Dragon’s corpse is very important and we can not lose it!”
“Secondly, I still need to sneak into the demon’s core military camp to rescue the two tribal chiefs of the witch race. It’s a good time to enter their military camp and familiarize yourself with the environment!”
Clearly, Chen Xiaobei had made this decision with long-term considerations. He would not just walk in like a fool.
“Whoosh …”
Chen Xiaobei activated his Dharmakaya.
After devouring jieyin’s blood essence, Chen Xiaobei’s Dharmakaya was the same as his real body. They were both in a physical state, and no one below the level of heavenly path Saint could see through them.
Then, Chen Xiaobei put on the night G.o.d dark spirit set on his body.
This way, Chen Xiaobei could use the night G.o.d dark spirit set to hide himself. If he was discovered, he could use his Dharmakaya ability to demonize his Dharmakaya and lie that he was a demon. At least he would have the chance to talk and not be surrounded by the enemy.
Chen Xiaobei’s plan to infiltrate the enemy’s camp was not a spur of the moment decision, but a well-calculated plan.
But then again, there were still risks.
That was the injury to Chen Xiaobei’s primordial spirit!
Once he used the demonic ability, the damage to his primordial spirit would worsen. Chen Xiaobei was not sure if he could hold on.
However, no matter what, things had already come to this point, and there was no possibility of turning back.
Chen Xiaobei calmed himself down and sent his corporeal body into the Meru s.p.a.ce. His practicing body immediately went into stealth mode and went straight to the demonic army camp.
At first, things went well. The ordinary soldiers could not detect Chen Xiaobei.
If they deliberately avoided the main tents where the commanders lived, they would basically not be discovered.
Of course, Chen Xiaobei did not have it easy at all. As he advanced carefully, he also had to observe the situation in the camp.
The layout, the number of soldiers, the patrol guards, the levels of the powerhouses … Chen Xiaobei had to memorize all of them.
Firstly, he wanted to go to the core military camp to save chieftain Xuan Yu and chieftain Yan hen.
Secondly, it was to prepare for the future war. Even if the pa.s.sage between the demon world and the ancient desolate land was cut off, the vast demon Army would still be there. A final battle was absolutely inevitable!
“Eh? That’s …”
Suddenly, when Chen Xiaobei reached the center of the camp, his eyes lit up. He saw two familiar figures!
The two of them were very good-looking.
One of them had a demonic appearance. His skin, long hair, and eyes were all a faint purple color. He was wearing a suit of purple armor and carried a silver longbow on his back!
This person was the demoness Jia Luo!
The other person had a clean appearance and was wearing a simple monk robe. It was very plain and even a little shabby, but even so, it could not hide her perfect figure and otherworldly temperament!
That’s right!
This person was Yun fanqing!
However, at this moment, she had already grown a head of short white hair, and her eyes were constantly filled with a faint blood-red color!
&Quot fan Qing … How did he become like this?! &Quot
All of a sudden, Chen Xiaobei’s heart was filled with mixed feelings.
“No! I have to get to the bottom of this!”
Chen Xiaobei was the most loyal person in the world. There was no way he would just sit back and do nothing!
