Chapter 3709 - 3709 Very unreasonable
3709 Very unreasonable
“Swis.h.!.+”
Surrounded by black mist, Chen Xiaobei charged at the most concentrated group of demonic soldiers.
As everyone knew, the greatest advantage of a battle formation was to gather the power of a large number of weaklings together and burst out with the power to fight against the strong.
However, battle formations also had a huge weakness! That was, after the power was activated once, every weakling who formed the array needed to rest for a while before they could activate the power again. Otherwise, their bodies would not be able to withstand it.
In other words, after the night G.o.d dark spirit set helped Chen Xiaobei block the first wave of attack, the tens of thousands of demon soldiers had completely lost their ability to fight back.
“Woof! Buzzzzzz! Yi …”
Wherever the black-fogged night G.o.d went, large numbers of demon soldiers were killed!
Just like harvesting rice straws in a paddy field, the originally dense demon race soldiers flying in the air were cut down in large numbers, falling down, leaving behind only an empty s.p.a.ce!
Whoosh … Whoosh …
At the same time, the chaos Blood Sword was still absorbing the souls of the dead.
Moreover, this time, not only did it devour the primordial spirit, but it also devoured the blood essence of the dead and even the corpses.
It was obvious that the chaos Blood Sword had two special abilities!
The first was that the chaos devour was a special ability brought by the blood of the Chaos Beast. It could devour physical objects and reach the level of peak-stage Sage-to-be.
Anything that was devoured by this ability would be transformed into energy to help the chaos Blood Sword upgrade. Of course, upgrading required a lot of time. The higher the level, the longer it would take to level up.
The second was the soul devouring special ability, which was the special ability of the soul devouring heavenly crystal. It could devour primordial spirits and reach the level of nine-Star Mystic Immortals!
The primordial spirits that had been devoured could also be converted into energy to replace the use of spirit Qi and unleash the chaos Blood sword’s strongest power. Of course, he could use the excess energy to upgrade the chaos Blood Sword.
Finally!
The two special abilities were used together, devouring tens of thousands of demons completely, not leaving even a trace!
“This battle was really satisfying!”
Chen Xiaobei calmed himself down and said, ” &Quot more importantly, the energy that I devoured today, in addition to the leaves of the blood Bodhi Divine Tree that I devoured earlier, will be enough to upgrade the chaos Blood Sword to one-star divine tier as long as I have enough time to digest them. I’ll even have some excess energy! &Quot
With this thought …
Chen Xiaobei then returned the chaos Blood Sword to the verdant Emperor’s divine gourd and asked the Yu-winged demonic snakes to continue activating the sunlight cache to speed up the upgrade.
Chen Xiaobei also left Xiao ‘er in the sunlight realm.
This little guy had eaten an entire treasure chest made of a two-star divine item, so it would probably sleep for a long time. The sunlight treasure box would wake it up earlier.
After that, Chen Xiaobei quickly left the scene.
Once the demonic reinforcements arrived, it would be too late for Chen Xiaobei to escape.
Of course, Chen Xiaobei’s own celestial core had not recovered much. So, he could only take out the returning bracelet and return to where he came from.
Although he had returned to his original place, the biggest advantage of this place was that it was connected to the Three Realms immortal network!
Chen Xiaobei used his old method and sent the gourd to six-eared macaque.
After that, Chen Xiaobei and six-eared macaque returned to the Meru realm.
Di Jiang had been a little worried, but when he saw Chen Xiaobei return safely, he could finally breathe a sigh of relief.
&Quot this time, we have successfully retrieved Emperor Jiang’s true body. Next, we need to find the true bodies of the candle Dragon, Zhurong, and Gonggong as soon as possible! &Quot
&Quot I’ve already summoned Liu er. He can change into Gonggong or Zhurong at any time! &Quot Chen Xiaobei said. This way, we can sense the location of their true bodies!”
“Bro bei!”
At this moment, the candle Dragon stood out and said, ” “Actually, I can also sense the location of my corpse!”
“This is great! Quickly tell me, where is it!” Chen Xiaobei was overjoyed.
&Quot it’s also to the North of the Dragon Sparrow mountain … &Quot the candle Dragon asked in a deep voice, ” &Quot however, you have to head north until you reach the end of the ancient Barrens! &Quot
Hearing this, both the candle Dragon and Emperor Jiang looked solemn.
“What’s wrong? Wasn’t it just a little far? From your expressions, that place doesn’t seem simple …”
Chen Xiaobei was smart enough to notice the difference.
&Quot if we’re not wrong, the demonic Army’s entrance is at the northern end of the ancient Barrens! &Quot The candle Dragon said seriously.
“Isn’t that just right?”
&Quot that’s right! &Quot Chen Xiaobei raised his eyebrows and said, ” the purpose of my trip is to cut off that pa.s.sage! I can also obtain the corpse of an ancestral wizard, killing two birds with one stone!”
“It’s good to kill two birds with one stone …”
“But bro bei, the danger that you’re going to face is also extremely huge! Perhaps the demons have already discovered that place and are digging it up!”
“More importantly, you took Emperor Jiang’s body away today, bro bei! The demons will definitely be shocked and furious, and they’ll definitely place heavy defenses at the end of the primordial era!”
“Even that high-level Mystic G.o.d-level demon Emperor will personally oversee it! If we want to get it, it’s as difficult as ascending to the heavens. If we don’t do it well, we might even lose our lives there!”
Obviously, the candle Dragon’s worry was very reasonable.
The demons had finally found Emperor Jiang’s body, but it had been taken away. One could imagine how angry the higher-ups of the demon race were!
And now, the demons could only extend their reach to the North of the Dragon Sparrow mountain range!
In other words, the candle Dragon’s corpse was the only ancestor of sorcery that the demons could control.
Even if one used their toes to think, they would know that the demons would dispatch their strongest force to guard the place, not allowing any more accidents to happen.
&Quot actually … &Quot Chen Xiaobei thought, ” &Quot as long as I can recover my primordial spirit and break through a few more realms, I will have enough lifespan to deal with that high-level profound deity! &Quot
As long as Chen Xiaobei’s primordial spirit was healthy, he would be able to use his many special abilities and burn a large amount of his lifespan to enter the pseudo-realm in a short time.
Chen Xiaobei had once reached the pseudo-Saint level during the war in the heavenly court. This time, he was only up against a high-level profound G.o.d, which was much easier than the last time.
But!
The condition was that Chen Xiaobei’s primordial spirit had to recover or he would fall before the enemy.
In addition, one’s lifespan must also be sufficient. Otherwise, one would either be unable to use the high-level stepping on the peak and opening the primal Chaos, or the time one could use them would be extremely short.
“I can take my primordial spirit and lifespan slowly! But there’s one thing that I must make clear …”
Six-eared macaque, who had been silent the whole time, asked, ” “Since the devil realm has a pa.s.sage to the ancient desolate land, why didn’t mo Luo Wutian come here himself? Why weren’t there any powerful quasi-sages? This is very unreasonable!”
“Actually, I also want to know the answer!” Chen Xiaobei grinned and summoned the lizard demonic General’s primordial spirit.
