Chapter 3710 - 3710 Personally overseeing things
3710 Personally overseeing things
Chen Xiaobei had severely injured the lizard demonic General’s primordial spirit. His cultivation had been crippled and he could not fight back at all.
However, things were not as simple as Chen Xiaobei thought.
“I won’t say anything!”
The lizard demon General’s voice was weak, but it was filled with determination.”Even if I die … I will not betray the demon race …”
“This …”
Emperor Jiang, candle Dragon, and six-eared macaque all felt a headache.
It was not easy to catch a tongue, but it refused to say anything. Didn’t that mean that the battle just now had been in vain?
“Why not? Was it because he was afraid? Are you afraid that you’ll suffer a fate worse than death after you return?”
Chen Xiaobei looked at the lizard demonic General’s primordial spirit and asked calmly.
“I’m not even afraid of death, so why should I be afraid of torture?”
The lizard demon general said righteously, ” “I’m a die-hard believer of devil ancestor Wu Tian! So, no matter what, I won’t do anything that will harm him!”
“Faith? So the demon race also has a religion?” Chen Xiaobei chuckled.
“Who told you that the demons don’t have any faith?”
The lizard demon general angrily said,”our faith is purer than any other race!” Piety! I’m absolutely loyal!”
“Hur, you say it better than singing it!”
&Quot of course! &Quot Chen Xiaobei laughed. &Quot everyone knows that the ancestor of the demonic race is Rahu! Even if you’re loyal to the death, you should be loyal to luohou, not mo Luo Wutian!”
&Quot Luo Yi is the first ancestor of demons, but he can no longer bring any benefits to the ancestor of demons! &Quot
The lizard demon general said very directly, ” &Quot we are absolutely loyal to our faith because our faith can bring us real benefits! &Quot
“Rahu’s death was because of devil ancestor Wutian’s mending of the laws of the entire Devil World, protecting all of us Devils from being destroyed by the heavenly Dao! It’s also because of devil ancestor Wu Tian’s hard work that our entire race has become stronger day by day.”
“As long as we follow devil ancestor Wu Tian, we’ll be able to attack other heavens and worlds! This will allow our entire clan to obtain a better living s.p.a.ce, purer and more abundant spiritual energy, and more advanced and abundant resources!”
The lizard demon General’s gaze was incomparably firm as he said word by word,”Devil ancestor Wutian is our Savior! I’ll be loyal to him for the rest of my life!”
It had to be said that the beliefs of the devil ancestor were different from those of the other races. They were actually linked to benefits.
The meaning of his words was that The Fiend ancestor would believe in whoever could give him benefits!
It didn’t look like faith, but more like a business deal.
However, this was normal.
Everyone sought to survive, and the mo were no exception.
If mo Luo Wutian could keep them alive and bring them tangible benefits, why would they not believe in him?
&Quot then, if someone is stronger than mo Luo Wutian and can bring you more benefits, will you change your faith? ”
Chen Xiaobei asked.
“This …”
The lizard demonic general was instantly stunned, his heart clearly wavering.
If it was any other race, they would definitely give a negative answer. However, the demon race was different. They were greedy and desired more benefits! They were bloodthirsty, aggressive, and wors.h.i.+pped the strong!
If there was really someone stronger than mo Luo Wutian like Chen Xiaobei said, he would be able to bring more benefits to the demons.
He believed that the majority of the mo would waver like the lizard demon general.
If they received actual benefits, their beliefs might change.
“Alright, since you’re not going to say it, I won’t waste my breath.”
Chen Xiaobei shrugged and said, ” &Quot Liu er, I’ll let you suffer for a while. You can transform into this guy. &Quot
Chen Xiaobei did not bring six-eared macaque here for nothing.
“No problem!”
Six-eared macaque smiled and started to activate his power.
Because the lizard demon General’s cultivation had been crippled, it only needed a little spirit Qi to transform.
“Whoosh …”
With the activation of his special ability, six-eared macaque’s primordial spirit left his body and directly transformed into the lizard demonic General’s primordial spirit.
&Quot how … How is this possible?! &Quot
The lizard demon general was dumbfounded, his face filled with confusion.”He … How did he become like me? Furthermore, there is no difference at all … This … What is going on?”
“You don’t need to know the answer!” Chen Xiaobei’s eyes turned cold. He flicked his finger and shot out a stream of celestial core power, which destroyed the lizard demonic General’s already injured primordial spirit.
Chen Xiaobei had given him a chance, but he did not cherish it.
Letting him go would only reveal Chen Xiaobei’s Secret. Only by eliminating the roots could he be completely safe.
Then, everyone’s eyes fell on six-eared macaque. He had all of the lizard demonic General’s memories.
“I see …”
Six-eared macaque combed through his hair and said, ” “It’s extremely difficult for the demonic realm to open a pa.s.sage in the ancient Barrens! First of all, we have to break the spatial laws of the heaven realm and not be discovered by the heavenly path sages!”
&Quot therefore, mo Luo Wu Tian and the 27 sages-to-be of the devil World must be in charge of the formation. They must form a special s.p.a.ce formation to connect the s.p.a.ce crack between the celestial world and the devil World. From there, they can continuously send troops and resources! &Quot
“Understood!”
&Quot no! &Quot Chen Xiaobei said, ” mo Luo Wutian was afraid that the heavenly path Saints would find the pa.s.sage, so he personally guarded it. He used the power of the demonic mark to hide it from the heavens! &Quot
Emperor Jiang and candle jiuyin finally got rid of their doubts, ” “No wonder … The demon race can only send out high-level profound deity at most! Neither mo Luo Wu Tian nor the sage-to-be Demon Lord can leave the formation!”
&Quot by the way, has mo Luo Wu Tian found the candle Dragon’s corpse? ” Chen Xiaobei asked.
“We’ve only confirmed the location, but we haven’t really found it yet!”
“The candle Dragon’s body was the first to be discovered!” Six-eared macaque said. However, the environment at the end of the ancient desolate land was extremely harsh. The strange weather and the powerful demonic beasts had caused great casualties to the demon race! It’s still under excavation …”
“Good! I’m relieved!” “As long as the demonic tribe hasn’t gotten their hands on him, I still have time!” Chen Xiaobei said, relieved.
“Also, how did mo Luo Wu Tian find the corpse of the wizard ancestor? Even the heavenly path sages couldn’t find it. What method did mo Luo Wu Tian use?” Chen Xiaobei asked again.
“I don’t know about that …”
Six-eared macaque swallowed his saliva and said, ” that lizard demon general is only a lower-middle commander. He’s not qualified to know what mo Luo Wutian is capable of! &Quot However, I’m sure that mo Luo Wu Tian has only asked people to dig up Emperor Jiang and the candle Dragon’s bodies. He has not found the third body! Of course, there’s another possibility. The other corpses are not in the North of the Dragon Sparrow mountain range!”
&Quot alright! &Quot Chen Xiaobei made a decision. &Quot if that’s the case, the most important thing now is to get the candle Dragon’s body back before the demonic tribe does! &Quot
