Chapter 3712 - 3712 Important mission
3712 Important mission
To Chen Xiaobei, Jia Lou was just a friend. If they were to meet here, Chen Xiaobei would just pretend that he did not see him.
However, Yun fanqing was different. She and Chen Xiaobei had been through life and death together!
More importantly, she had never expressed her feelings because of her shyness. But in fact, she had fallen deeply in love with Chen Xiaobei.
Although Chen Xiaobei did not know Yun fanqing’s true feelings, he did have a good impression of this innocent and kind girl.
Seeing Yun fanqing in such a state, Chen Xiaobei was filled with doubts. He was determined to get to the bottom of this and protect Yun fanqing at all costs.
“It seems like they are waiting for someone? I’ll observe for a while before taking action!”
Chen Xiaobei was hiding in a perfect spot. He would not be discovered, and he could also observe from the dark.
[ ding Qianqian’s cultivation base: intermediate-stage five star heaven immortal; lifespan: 80.21 million years, physical body: 4500 trillion, combat power: 4500 trillion, primordial spirit attack-quasi-Sage!
Chen Xiaobei activated his netherspirit battlescouter to check on Jia Lou’s strength.
“I didn’t expect that jialuo’s primordial spirit attack could actually reach the quasi-Sage level! I remember that she’s only the reincarnation of an ancient demon G.o.d and hasn’t reached the quasi-Sage Stage yet …”
Chen Xiaobei was confused.
However, this was only the beginning.
Then, he used his netherspirit battlescouter to check Yun fanqing’s strength.
[ ding Qianqian’s cultivation base: intermediate-stage five star heaven immortal; lifespan: 80.21 million years, physical body: 4500 trillion, combat power: 4500 trillion, primordial spirit attack-quasi-Sage!
“Hmm? What … What’s going on?”
Chen Xiaobei was confused. &Quot “Why are their data the same? His life span and essence soul attack were completely identical! What’s going on?”
This was very strange!
If it was only the same cultivation level, that would be normal.
However, their lifespans were exactly the same, which was very strange.
More importantly, although Yun fanqing had an inborn Dharma bone and divine body, he was only at the heavenly G.o.d level. How could he have a primordial spirit attack at the quasi-Sage level?
Moreover, the level of the primordial spirit attack was the same as Jia Luo’s!
“It’s really strange …”
Chen Xiaobei furrowed his brows and thought to himself, ” “It seems like it was mo Luo Wutian who plotted against Yun fanqing! It made her and Jia Lou have some kind of connection! It could even be said that two people were tied together to become one person!”
Chen Xiaobei could not figure out what was going on.
After all, he had never seen or heard of such a thing. It could not be measured with common sense.
“What?”
When Chen Xiaobei heard Jia Lou’s voice, he immediately stopped his calculations and focused on listening to what they were talking about.
“The mission we’re going on this time is very important! If we can succeed, it will greatly improve our cultivation! Furthermore, it will play a vital role in this war!”
Jia Lou’s tone was very serious, obviously very important to the mission she spoke of.
“I know.”
Yun fanqing’s tone was very cold. His eyes, which were faintly bloodshot, seemed empty and emotionless.
“How long has it been since we were ‘born on the same stem’? Can’t you stop being so cold?” Jialuo’s brows furrowed slightly. He clearly did not like Yun fanqing’s cold att.i.tude.
“What’s wrong with the ice? I think ice is good!”
At this moment, seven or eight young demon men walked over from afar.
Judging from their appearance, they had already transformed into human forms, but their eyes and skin color were still somewhat demonic.
From their attire, they were all dressed in luxurious and exquisite robes and wore jewelry. It could be seen that they were all of high status.
Even some generals would have to smile and flatter them when they saw them.
The person who spoke was at the front. From the moment he spoke until he walked over, his dark green eyes had been staring at Yun fanqing.
This person’s name was Yuan Shesha, and he was the eldest son of a high-level heavenly fiendcelestial! His father commanded tens of thousands of military camps and had great power, so his status was self-evident!
&Quot I believe, with my pa.s.sion, one day, I will be able to melt fan Qing, this block of ice! &Quot
Yuan she Sha was born into a n.o.ble family and was born with a sense of superiority. With a smile that he thought was charming, he actually wanted to pursue Yun fanqing.
“I’ve already warned you not to talk to me like that! Disgusting!” Yun fanqing’s expression did not change, and his tone was as cold as ever.
&Quot what’s with your att.i.tude!? &Quot
At this time, the few demon youths around Yuan she Sha all began to clamor in a bad mood.
“It’s your good fortune that our big brother Yuan she Sha has taken a fancy to you! Don’t think that you’re so great just because you’re a quasi-Sage!”
“Well said! You’re just a five-star heaven immortal, and you might lose your life one day. What a waste of your Sage-to-be posture!
&Quot if you obediently follow our big brother yuanshe, you will definitely have a bright future. After tens of millions of years, you might really become a quasi-Sage demon venerable! &Quot
It was obvious that Yuan she Sha not only had a high status, but his cultivation was also not low. Even the cultivation of the young demons around him far exceeded that of Yun fanqing and Jia Luo.
It was precisely because of this that they dared to be so arrogant.
After all, demons loved to fight and they wors.h.i.+pped the strong!
It could even be said without exaggeration that in the demon race’s territory, whoever had the biggest fist was the Father!
“Both of you, stop talking!”
Jia Luo knew Yun fanqing’s personality and was afraid that she would fly into a rage, so he quickly came forward to smooth things over. &Quot “Yuan she Sha, can you properly discipline your follower?”
“Their mouths are on their bodies, how can I control them?” Yuan she Sha smiled coldly. It was obvious that he wanted to use his follower to take Yun fanqing down a notch.
“You don’t care, do you?”
&Quot we’re all going on a mission together, ” Jia Lou said coldly. &Quot if you start a conflict before we even set off, what will the others think of you? ” Don’t forget! There are other heavenly fiendcelestials ‘sons partic.i.p.ating in this mission. If you make a fool of yourself, you’ll be the one losing face!”
“Heh, I don’t think so!”
Yuanshe Sha narrowed his eyes and revealed a sinister smile.”If I can conquer Yun fanqing, my father will be extremely happy! If I can also complete the mission, then it would be even better!”
“You’re dreaming!” Yun fanqing snorted in disdain.
“Hmph! Yun fanqing! Don’t think that you can do whatever you want just because I like you!” Yuan she Sha threatened arrogantly, ” “Do you know what will happen to you if you refuse me in my territory?”
As soon as he finished speaking, the surrounding demon youths immediately surrounded him without even needing Yuan she Sha to give the order.
She was going to use force against Yun fanqing!
“Stop!”
Suddenly, Chen Xiaobei’s angry voice came from not far away, attracting everyone’s attention.
